README.md, before:

# String Interner

|        Linux        |       Windows       |       Coverage       |          Docs         |     Crates.io      |       Licence      |
|:-------------------:|:-------------------:|:--------------------:|:---------------------:|:------------------:|:------------------:|
| [![travisCI][1]][2] | [![appveyor][3]][4] | [![coveralls][5]][6] | [![licence][11]][12 ] | [![chat][9]][10]   | [![licence][7]][8] |

A string interning data structure that was designed for minimal memory overhead,
fast access to the underlying interned strings and cache-efficient iteration through its contents.

This implementation uses a similar API as the string interner of the Rust compiler.

### What is a string interner?

String internment is an efficient bi-directional mapping between strings and very cheap identifiers (symbols)
that are used as representant for a certain string instead of the string itself.

### Internals

Internally a hashmap and a vector is used. The vector stored the true contents of interned strings
while the hashmap has internal references into the internal vector to avoid duplicates.

### Planned Features

- Safe abstraction wrapper that protects the user from the following misusage

	- Using symbols of a different string interner instance to resolve string in another
	- Using symbols that are already no longer valid (i.e. the associated string interner is no longer available)

- Even more flexibility for input into the string interner

## Changelog

- 0.6.3

	- fixed a bug that `StringInterner`'s `Send` impl didn't respect its generic `HashBuilder` parameter. Fixes GitHub [issue #4](https://github.com/Robbepop/string-interner/issues/4).

- 0.6.2

	- added `shrink_to_fit` public method to `StringInterner` - (by artemshein)

- 0.6.1

	- fixed a bug that inserting non-owning string types (e.g. `str`) was broken due to dangling pointers (Thanks to artemshein for fixing it!)

- 0.6.0

	- added optional serde serialization and deserialization support
	- more efficient and generic `PartialEq` implementation for `StringInterner`
	- made `StringInterner` generic over `BuildHasher` to allow for custom hashers

- 0.5.0

	- added `IntoIterator` trait implementation for `StringInterner`
	- greatly simplified iterator code

- 0.4.0

	- removed restrictive constraint for `Unsigned` for `Symbol`

- 0.3.3

	- added `Send` and `Sync` to `InternalStrRef` to make `StringInterner` itself `Send` and `Sync`

[1]: https://travis-ci.org/Robbepop/string-interner.svg?branch=master
[2]: https://travis-ci.org/Robbepop/string-interner
[3]: https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/16fc9l6rtroo4xqd?svg=true
[4]: https://ci.appveyor.com/project/Robbepop/string-interner/branch/master
[5]: https://coveralls.io/repos/github/Robbepop/string-interner/badge.svg?branch=master
[6]: https://coveralls.io/github/Robbepop/string-interner?branch=master
[7]: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg
[8]: ./LICENCE
[9]: https://img.shields.io/crates/v/string-interner.svg
[10]: https://crates.io/crates/string-interner
[11]: https://docs.rs/string-interner/badge.svg
[12]: https://docs.rs/string-interner

Commit message:

license(*): changed license from MIT to MIT/APACHE2.0 for the entire crate

README.md, after:

# String Interner

|        Linux        |       Windows       |       Coverage      |        Docs        |     Crates.io      |
|:-------------------:|:-------------------:|:-------------------:|:------------------:|:------------------:|
| [![travisCI][1]][2] | [![appveyor][3]][4] | [![coverage][5]][6] | [![docs][11]][12 ] | [![chat][9]][10]   |

A string interning data structure that was designed for minimal memory overhead,
fast access to the underlying interned strings and cache-efficient iteration through its contents.

This implementation uses a similar API as the string interner of the Rust compiler.

### What is a string interner?

String internment is an efficient bi-directional mapping between strings and very cheap identifiers (symbols)
that are used as representant for a certain string instead of the string itself.

### Internals

## License
Internally a hashmap and a vector is used. The vector stored the true contents of interned strings
while the hashmap has internal references into the internal vector to avoid duplicates.

Licensed under either of

 * Apache license, Version 2.0, ([LICENSE-APACHE](LICENSE-APACHE) or http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)
 * MIT license ([LICENSE-MIT](LICENSE-MIT) or http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

at your option.
### Planned Features

### Dual licence: [![badge][license-mit-badge]](LICENSE-MIT) [![badge][license-apache-badge]](LICENSE-APACHE)
- Safe abstraction wrapper that protects the user from the following misusage

### Contribution
	- Using symbols of a different string interner instance to resolve string in another
	- Using symbols that are already no longer valid (i.e. the associated string interner is no longer available)

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted
for inclusion in the work by you, as defined in the Apache-2.0 license, shall be dual licensed as above, without any
additional terms or conditions.
- Even more flexibility for input into the string interner

## Changelog

- 0.6.3

	- fixed a bug that `StringInterner`'s `Send` impl didn't respect its generic `HashBuilder` parameter. Fixes GitHub [issue #4](https://github.com/Robbepop/string-interner/issues/4).

- 0.6.2

	- added `shrink_to_fit` public method to `StringInterner` - (by artemshein)

- 0.6.1

	- fixed a bug that inserting non-owning string types (e.g. `str`) was broken due to dangling pointers (Thanks to artemshein for fixing it!)

- 0.6.0

	- added optional serde serialization and deserialization support
	- more efficient and generic `PartialEq` implementation for `StringInterner`
	- made `StringInterner` generic over `BuildHasher` to allow for custom hashers

- 0.5.0

	- added `IntoIterator` trait implementation for `StringInterner`
	- greatly simplified iterator code

- 0.4.0

	- removed restrictive constraint for `Unsigned` for `Symbol`

- 0.3.3

	- added `Send` and `Sync` to `InternalStrRef` to make `StringInterner` itself `Send` and `Sync`

[1]: https://travis-ci.org/Robbepop/string-interner.svg?branch=master
[2]: https://travis-ci.org/Robbepop/string-interner
[3]: https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/16fc9l6rtroo4xqd?svg=true
[4]: https://ci.appveyor.com/project/Robbepop/string-interner/branch/master
[5]: https://coveralls.io/repos/github/Robbepop/string-interner/badge.svg?branch=master
[6]: https://coveralls.io/github/Robbepop/string-interner?branch=master
[7]: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg
[8]: ./LICENCE
[9]: https://img.shields.io/crates/v/string-interner.svg
[10]: https://crates.io/crates/string-interner
[11]: https://docs.rs/string-interner/badge.svg
[12]: https://docs.rs/string-interner
